1. Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

HTTP1.1:
It works on the textual format.
There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources.
It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages.

HTTP2:
It works on the binary protocol.
It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.
It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages.

2. Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript
In JavaScript, objects are a composite data type that allows developers to store and organize data in key-value pairs. Unlike primitive data types such as numbers or strings, objects can represent more complex structures and are essential for creating flexible and dynamic applications.

// Object Example program
const car = {
  make: 'Toyota',
  model: 'Camry',
  year: 2022,
  color: 'Blue'
};

4.
IP Address (Internet Protocol Address):
An IP address is a numerical label assigned to each device connected to a computer network that uses the Internet Protocol for communication. IP addresses serve two primary functions: host or network interface identification and location addressing.

Port:
A port is a communication endpoint identified by a 16-bit unsigned number, thus ranging from 0 to 65535. Ports help distinguish different services or applications running on a single device.


Certainly! Let's briefly explore each of the topics you mentioned: IP address, port, HTTP methods, and MAC address.

IP Address (Internet Protocol Address):
An IP address is a numerical label assigned to each device connected to a computer network that uses the Internet Protocol for communication. IP addresses serve two primary functions: host or network interface identification and location addressing. There are two types of IP addresses:

IPv4 (Internet Protocol version 4):

Consists of four sets of numbers separated by dots (e.g., 192.168.0.1).
Limited to around 4.3 billion unique addresses, which has led to the adoption of IPv6.
IPv6 (Internet Protocol version 6):

Uses hexadecimal notation and provides a significantly larger address space.
Designed to address the exhaustion of IPv4 addresses and support the growing number of devices connected to the internet.
IP addresses play a crucial role in routing data across networks, allowing devices to communicate with each other.

Port:
A port is a communication endpoint identified by a 16-bit unsigned number, thus ranging from 0 to 65535. Ports help distinguish different services or applications running on a single device. Ports are categorized into three ranges:

Well-known Ports (0-1023):

Reserved for system services and commonly used protocols (e.g., HTTP on port 80, HTTPS on port 443).
Registered Ports (1024-49151):

Assigned by the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) for specific services.
Dynamic or Private Ports (49152-65535):

Used for dynamic or private services and applications.
When data is sent over a network, it is directed to a specific IP address and port number to reach the intended service on a device.

HTTP Methods (Hypertext Transfer Protocol Methods):
HTTP methods, also known as HTTP verbs, represent the actions that can be performed on a resource. Common HTTP methods include:
GET:
Retrieve data from a specified resource.

POST:
Submit data to be processed to a specified resource.

PUT:
Update a resource or create a new resource if it doesn't exist.

DELETE:
Remove a specified resource.

PATCH:
Apply partial modifications to a resource.

HEAD:
Retrieve headers from a specified resource without the actual data.

MAC Address (Media Access Control Address):
MAC addresses are typically expressed as a series of six two-digit hexadecimal numbers separated by colons (e.g., 00:1A:2B:3C:4D:5E).



